hey youtube its needles and today i am
going to teach you how to cut your hair
okay so basically what you're going to
do if you have curly hair you're going
to wet it so that it helps stay straight
you're going to brush it all back as so
and you will need a pair of hair
scissors a regular hair tie in that
little hair tie
okay now the most important part to get
all your hair even and straight and
hopefully it'll work out okay
so now what we're going to do is simply
take it in the back ponytail as so okay
and then we are going to make sure to
the center bottom of your hair then we
go like this one two or what basically
student a little ponytail but many times
you need to do it in your hair then you
are going to just slow it down a little
stop then I'm going to brush it I think
that's all right cool depression well
I'm going to have my sister brush it for
me okay
then you're going to take the little
hair tie put it right here after that
boom simply slide it down yeah I'll have
my sister do it but you can do it
yourself honey interesting one off as
little as possible do I cut it above -
yeah but if you any as possible as a
little as possible Wow so you want like
an inch not that much it's get my stuff
you want to look No yeah that's good
okay chop it off then you just simply
cut it straight across summertime hold
on quiet and I'm just going to be a
little snip snip
take your time this is no lie quiet
no my hair is the long where's the
landing why are you cutting like that
look is your scissors a piece of crap
stop stop what you doing there you go
it's done
okay now let's hope that it worked okay
guys so here is the free edge close the
door
hope you're okay now what you're going
to do to make sure that your sister did
it right or whoever did you brush it
back I guess we'll have to dry and show
you guys then well here this is straight
I hope it's straight because if it's not
I'm screwed
so basically that's what happens when I
relate your sister cut your hair bye
guys thanks for watching if you like the
video please like and once again below I
will show you the video where how to cut
your hair off yourself bye